Isn't this little bitch obviously fired?
Why did he come back again?
him
I don't know what ecstasy bag I replaced for the teacher.
I heard he's not ecstasy soup for teachers
He went to the bed of Mr. Yan Zhiyuan
Mr. Yan is old enough to be his father
Didn't he have a father since he was a child?
I heard he is such a woman.
It's all about the woman thing.
What the hell is the love story?
I think it's not because Yan always has money
No wonder you two came up to the Golden Dragon to pick up the tiger
So much nonsense
Don't lead me on
What's up?
You don't let anyone say the shit you did yourself
It's just that people see you as white and clean
In fact, you are a mess
Talk nonsense again, I'm only being rude to you now.
Why do you want to do it?
No matter how good you are
You can't beat us two big men either
You try it, I won't kill you today.
I'm not called Brother Jinlong
Today I will open your eyes
See how I put this
The little bitch's clothes were stripped off one by one
If you dare to speak nonsense again
Just hurry up and hob
And your teachers don't dare
Wen Li
You are now back
Fighting Tournament is about to start
You have to be well prepared
Teacher, I have confidence in you
I see, right? Don't worry.